fix: token introspection (#534)
sebadob/rauthy: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes

#### Token Introspection

The introspection endpoint has been fixed in case of the encoding like mentioned in bugfixes.  
Additionally, authorization has been added to this endpoint. It will now make sure that the request also includes
an `AUTHORIZATION` header with either a valid `Bearer JwtToken` or `Basic B64EncodedClientId:ClientSecret` to prevent
token scanning.

The way of authorization on this endpoint is not really standardized, so you may run into issues with your client
application. If so, you can disable the authentication on this endpoint with

```
# Can be set to `true` to disable authorization on `/oidc/introspect`.
# This should usually never be done, but since the auth on that endpoint is not
# really standardized, you may run into issues with your client app.
# If so, please open an issue about it.
# default: false
DISABLE_INTROSPECT_AUTH=true

> ```

Reviewer: For anyone in future landing here, the only implementation I know of that doesn't have basic auth by default is [Ory Hydra](https://www.ory.sh/docs/hydra/self-hosted/production#exposing-administrative-and-public-api-endpoints).

The referenced lack of standardized endpoint protection is covered in [RFC 7662 - Section 2.1](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7662#section-2.1), where protecting the endpoint is required but how that is approached is flexible. A benefit of opt-out support is that you can implement alternative support such as mTLS.

I'm not sure about clients, as basic auth would always be valid AFAIK as part of the URL (_although [some clients are deprecating support](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication#access_using_credentials_in_the_url)_). For `/introspect` this would be the only way for [Dovecot](https://doc.dovecot.org/configuration_manual/authentication/oauth2/#full-config-file) to pass credentials for authorization (_the [`POST` request doesn't use the `client_id` / `client_secret` settings](https://github.com/dovecot/core/blob/03316d828c31ec736d87ba51e494bcef7a259b56/src/lib-oauth2/oauth2-request.c#L323-L330), only the [`introspection_mode = auth` setting supports adding the `Authorization: Bearer` header](https://github.com/dovecot/core/blob/03316d828c31ec736d87ba51e494bcef7a259b56/src/lib-oauth2/oauth2-request.c#L250-L267) which is a `GET` request for `/userinfo` not `/introspect`_).

There may be other clients 😅

[28b2457](https://github.com/sebadob/rauthy/commit/28b2457a53bf31163e94a363f2009b811e1b0b76)

> ### Bugfixe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bugfixes
```

> - The token introspection endpoint was only accepting `Json` instead of `Form` requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The token introspection endpoint was only accepting requests with `Json` data, when it should have instead been with `Form` data.
```
